[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
[NARRATOR] It's not long
before the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict.
That is my army.
Thirty-thousand slaves
we've captured this month.
All human, too.
And then there's 70,000 Fishmen.
Trained in combat.
They're all from
the Fishman District!
Or can't you tell?
Now behold.
One hundred thousand
united outlaws!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheering]
You see?
This is power!
Because my followers
have faith in change!
It's taken ten years.
But it' s time that we finished
what I began so long ago!
And you know what started it?
The death of Queen Otohime!
Yes, that's right!
I've got a little secret!
Wanna hear?
The one who shot her...
...was me!
That can't be true!
[HORDY] Even in her death,
your mother changed the island
by turning the humans
into villains once more.
And yet, it wasn't them.
No. It was her own subject!
The fishman standing
in front of you!
I did it! I killed her!
Because it was necessary!
I knew you did it.
[gasps]
[NEPTUNE]
Shirahoshi!
[ALL gasp]
What'd you say?
[LUFFY] "Shirahoshi's Tears!
Luffy Finally Shows Up!"
You already knew that
I murdered your mother?
How can that be?
Explain yourself
right now, Shirahoshi!
[NEPTUNE panting]
--[NEPTUNE groans]
--[RYUBOSHI gasps]
Father! Are you all right?
Stay strong!
[NEPTUNE groaning]
[NEPTUNE]
Shirahoshi!
A few years after
mother's death,
Megalo told me in secret
about everything that happened.
Megalo?
[JIMBEI]
He told you?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Tell me it isn't true!
Are you sure?
Oh, no.
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
At the time, Megalo was the
property of Neptune's army.
And he witnessed the
incident with his own eyes.
[gunshot]
Mother, no! Mother!
[chuckles]
[growling]
Princess.
You knew all of this,
and yet you never told a soul?
How could I?
If I did, I was afraid
that our countrymen
might hold a grudge
against Hordy.
[ALL gasp]
[SHIRAHOSHI] And that--
that is not what my dear mother
would have wanted!
[FISHMAN A gasps]
[SHIRAHOSHI] That was the
final promise we made to her
as she lay dying.
She said that no matter who
it was who took her life...
...we should not be angry,
or let our hearts be
filled with hatred!
[FUKABOSHI gasps]
It doesn't matter
who did this to me.
Don't become angry.
Not on my behalf.
Don't submit to resentment.
Don't let hatred get
the better of you.
Not in my name, or any other.
Shirahoshi.
So that was why.
All these years...
and not a word.
Our mother's final wish.
You've kept it deep in
your heart until today.
[FUKABOSHI]
Closed in the Hard Shell Tower,
you've carried this
burden all alone,
your foolish brothers
blissfully ignorant.
[JIMBEI]
She suffered in silence,
even knowing that her
mother's killer ran free.
Despite my loyalty to the queen,
I could not fathom
such forgiveness.
I would not have the
strength to keep my word.
And yet, she was
true to her oath.
You truly honor your
mother's legacy, Princess.
[laughing]
Stop laughing, you fool!
I can't help it!
This is downright comical!
And Megalo!
[HORDY] There was
nothing to stop you from
shouting to the top of
your lungs that day,
and letting everyone know
I was the one responsible
for killing Otohime.
So, thank you for
keeping your mouth shut.
And for choosing this
pathetic fool of a girl
as the one and only keeper
of your little secret!
If you'd told
anyone else about it,
we never would've been
able to make it this far!
[HORDY laughs]
Convenient though it was,
where I come from, we call
actions like yours "idiotic"!
Your kingdom is about to fall,
and all because of
some meaningless promise
to a dead woman.
Sure, you honored her words.
But now you, your family,
and your subjects
are all going to die.
I hope it was
worth it, Shirahoshi!
Pay that murderer
no heed, Your Majesty!
Believe me, you have
done nothing wrong!
[laughs]
Not wrong,
just incredibly stupid!
Shark Arrows!
[NEPTUNE groans]
[FISHMAN AA]
He's gonna kill them!
[HORDY laughing]
Stop this! Please, no!
[HORDY]
Heh.
[NEPTUNE groans]
Don't hurt them! I beg you!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES laughing]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE AA]
Look at that! Pathetic!
[FISHWOMAN A gasps]
No. We're doomed.
They're the great
warriors? Yeah, right!
We crushed them like a
bunch of worms! [laughs]
[IKAROS chuckles] The captain
made quick work of 'em,
didn't he-hii?
They won't even make it to the
execution, if you ask me-hii!
[HORDY chuckles]
Well, we can't have that.
The royal family should face
death by beheading, after all.
Now, someone hand me a sword.
[BOTH gasp]
[HORDY] Our only concerns
were Jimbei and Shirahoshi.
Now that they're here,
there's no reason we can't kick
off this execution right now!
At long last, these foul vermin
known as the royal family
will be slaughtered by my hand!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheering]
All right! Off with their heads!
Yeah!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Kill them now! Kill them now!
Kill them now! Kill them
now! Kill them now...
No! They can't!
Neptune is a great king!
All of this is wrong!
[FISHMAN BB]
It's a nightmare! A living hell!
[FISHMAN CC] We can't win
against 100,000 pirates!
There's no way!
Our kingdom is done for!
[FISHBOY A]
Madam Sharley!
[gasps]
[SHARLEY]
Children.
Hey! When is that pirate
with the hat coming?
He was gonna destroy
the island, right?
Well? When is he coming?
I honestly couldn't tell you.
The only thing I can see is
what will happen in the future.
I simply have no way
of discerning when.
[FISHBOY B]
I want him to come now.
If he comes here and tries
to start a fight right now,
we might be in trouble.
But so will the bad guys!
He has to show up!
'Cause if he doesn't, that man
is gonna kill King Neptune!
Where is he?
[FISHCHILDREN crying]
[FISHMAN E]
You're exactly right, children.
That pirate is our only hope.
[FISHWOMAN B cries]
[FISHMAN E]
Hey! Straw Hat Luffy!
[HORDY]
Hm?
If you want to destroy
this island, go ahead.
Hurry up!
Tear this place to
pieces, we don't care!
Straw Hat! I know you're
out there somewhere!
If you're close enough to
hear us, come and fight!
Please, hurry!
[FISHMEN] Straw Hat! Straw
Hat! Straw Hat! Straw Hat!
Straw Hat! Straw Hat!
Straw Hat! Straw Hat! Straw Hat!
[FISHMEN crying]
[FISHMEN]
Straw Hat! Straw Hat!
Straw Hat! Straw Hat...
Wretched fools.
If that's their only hope,
then they're better off dead.
As far as I know,
Sharley's premonitions
have always been reliable.
But I'll be damned if
this one comes true.
[ZEO]
It's meaningless folly.
[HORDY] Perhaps I should
bring these desperate worms
back to their senses.
[FISHMEN gasping]
[FISHBOY B gasps]
Listen, you morons!
It's time for the
dawning of a new era.
So say goodbye to your king!
[gasps]
[FUKABOSHI groans]
No. Stop!
[HORDY]
Watch carefully, everyone!
This is history in
the making, after all!
It's not every day you
see a king's head roll!
This mediocre ruler of yours,
without a drop of pride
for his own race,
will be no more.
And the new kingdom of
Fishmen will rise up
to conquer those
miserable humans,
as we were meant to
do from the start!
Now witness the demise
of the Ryugu Kingdom,
once and for all!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheering]
[HORDY laughing]
[NEPTUNE]
I've failed.
Farewell!
[gasps]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Luffy.
Please!
I need you!
Save my father!
Hurry!
[HORDY yells]
[thud]
[HORDY]
Hm?
[thud]
[MEGALO groaning]
[RYUBOSHI]
Megalo?
[HORDY]
Hm?
[groans]
[yelling]
[FISHMEN]
What?! It can't be!
It is! It's Straw Hat Luffy!
I can't believe it!
He really did show up!
[FISHMAN DD]
Whoa, did you see that?
He just saved
King Neptune's life!
Yeah! Maybe he's okay.
I mean, Princess Shirahoshi
did call him for help, right?
Please, Luffy!
[ZEO]
Wait. He was in the shark?
[DARUMA yells] Hiding in
its stomach, it looks like.
That's gross!
Luffy. I thought
I told you to wait.
But I suppose there was
no choice, was there?
Come out! All of you, right now!
Muhi! What does he mean?
I don't see anybody-hii!
[NAMI] We were prepared for
this from the beginning.
[NAMI] See, the plan was
for Luffy to sit tight
and wait a while.
But it's Luffy,
so that wasn't happening.
Mirage, release!
[IKAROS gasps]
Where'd you come from?
You scared me-hii!
[NAMI]
Is this it?
The letter from the
Celestial Dragons?
That's it, excellent work!
But it's right--hey!
The letter's gone!
How'd she get it?
How the hell could
you let that happen?
[NAMI] Hmph. Oh, and I
gave the key to Robin.
Huh? But it's right he--
Ah! It's gone, too!
That's what you get for
yellin' at me, jerk!
Huh? Hey, we're free!
Who did that?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Huh?
It's Robin!
[NEPTUNE]
What?
[FUKABOSHI]
Please! Stay with us, Father!
[RANDOM AMMO KNIGHT] Look up
in the sky! What is that?
[BOTH gasp]
[NEPTUNE]
Unbelievable.
It's a whale and... a lion?
No, wait, that's... a ship!
[FRANKY]
Heh, heh. Gaon Cannon!
It's aiming right at us!
Fire!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[FRANKY]
Now's your chance! Go get 'em!
[HOE bellows]
[FUKABOSHI]
Hoe?
Quickly! Take King Neptune
and get to safety!
I'm grateful.
It's time for you to go.
Boomsun! [grunts]
[HOE bellows]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE BB]
That whale's escaping
with the royal family!
Damn it! We'll catch
you and make you pay!
[NEPTUNE]
Huh? What happened, my son?
[pants] I can't say for certain,
but it would appear
that Jimbei's made
some sort of plan
with the Straw Hats.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
[FISHMAN EE]
I don't believe it.
Straw Hat actually came!
That's his crew! There, look!
[CHOPPER]
Oh, wow!
That's a pretty big
crowd they've got!
This is nuts.
What, are we fighting
a whole army now?
I guess so.
Looks like about 80,000 guys.
No, hundred thousand, maybe.
[BROOK chuckles] Not a
bare-bones operation, then.
You might as well go
take a nap, Curly Brows.
I can handle these chumps.
[SANJI]
Aren't naps your thing?
Heh, heh. Well, this
oughtta be pretty fun.
And there's plenty
of ass to kick.
So let's party!
Look! It's the rest
of the Straw Hats!
They're getting off the ship!
Hey! Straw Hat Luffy!
Are you guys really planning
on destroying Fishman Island?
[FISHMAN FF] Why did you
take over the Ryugu Palace?
Did you want to kill the
royal family yourselves?
[FISHMAN GG] Were you the ones
who kidnapped the mermaids?
Answer me!
[FISHMAN HH]
Come on, Straw Hat,
the least you could do
is say something!
Are you guys supposed to be
our friends or our enemies?
[FISHMAN II]
Explain yourself, Straw Hat!
[LUFFY]
Friends or enemies, huh?
Don't ask me.
'Cause I'd say...
it's up to you!
[NARRATOR] After a tricky
escape from the Ryugu Palace,
the Straw Hats have
reassembled at last.
As they march into
Conchcorde Plaza,
an army of new Fishmen
Pirates stands before them.
The final battle of the
fate of Fishman Island
begins with a show of strength
between the two would-be kings.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Big Clash! The Straw Hats vs.
A Hundred Thousand Enemies!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!